T: What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
T: What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
T: What is your biggest fantasy? 
T: What is the most embarrassing photo of you? 
T: What would you do if you were the opposite gender for a week? 
T: What do most people assume about you that isn’t true?
T: What is the stupidest thing you ever did as a teenager?  
T: What was the most awkward date you ever went on?
T: What is one item you hope nobody ever finds in your room?
T: Who has the best-looking avatar here?
T: If you starred in a porno, what would it be like?
T: What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve posted on social media?
T: What is your favorite thing that your significant other does for you?
T: Tell us something you don’t want us to know.
T: What do you hope your parents never find out about?
T: What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
T: Why did you break up with your last boyfriend/girlfriend?
T: Do you secretly have a crush on someone here?
T: Explain how you got your username.
T: What's your worst drunk story?
T: Have you ever done drugs? If so what?
T: Who is the most bratty here?
T: Have you ever ERP'd with someone in this room?
T: Have you ever been cheated on or cheated?
T: Reveal your weirdest fetish
T: What celebrity would you hate to see naked?
T: Have you ever tasted your own cum?
T: What is the longest you've gone without showering?
T: What is your worst bad habit?
T: Have you ever been caught in the act?
T: Who would you like to kiss in this room?
T: Have you ever taken nudes of yourself?
T: What upcoming game are you hyped about?
T: Describe your most NSFW avatar?
T: Tell us about your first kiss.
T: When did you loose your virginity?
T: Are you jealous as a BF/GF?
T: What is your favorite anime?
T: What are you drinking right now?
T: Would you go on a VRC date with someone in here?
T: Have you ever been to a a VRC Wedding?
T: What do you value the most - money, fame, success, friends, family, etc?
T: What's your dream job?
T: What's your biggest regret?
T: Have you ever ghosted someone? If so why?
T: When was the last time you lied?
T: What was your favorite childhood show, and is it responsable for you becoming a furry?
T: Who do you DM the most?
T: What's and instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
T: What's your favorite part of your body?
T: Tell us about your last wet dream.
T: What is your biggest insecurity?
T: Do you pee in the shower?
T: Do you still have feelings for your exes?
T: Have you ever sent a sext?
T: Have you ever had phone sex?
T: What's the weirdest place you have had sex?
T: What gross smell do you actually enjoy?
T: Who would you choose for a threesome in this room?
T: What's one thing you can't live without?
T: What's the worst thing you've ever done?
T: What is the biggest thing you've gotten away with?
T: Why did you break up with your last boyfriend/girlfriend?
T: What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
T: What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
T: Who have you loved but they didn't love you back?
T: Who is the person you most regret kissing?
T: Have you ever eaten ass?
T: What is the naughtiest thing you have done in public?
T: Who has the hottest voice here?
T: What's the worst thing you've ever done at work?
T: What's your favorite VRchat world?
T: What's your favorite drinking/adult VRchat world?
T: What's something you're glad your parents doesn't know about you?
T: Name someone you’ve pretended to like but actually couldn’t stand
T: Does size really matter?
T: What's your biggest turn on?
T: What's your biggest turn off?
T: How many exes are you still friends with?
T: What's the most annoying thing about yourself?
T: Have you ever woken up not remembering what happened the night before?
T: Have you ever hooked up with someone you didn't know their name?
T: Have you ever lied about your age to buy alcohol?
T: Have you ever had a one night stand?
T: Have you ever gotten into a fight while drinking?
T: Have you ever peed in public while drunk?
T: Have you ever texted an ex while drunk?
T: Have you ever thrown up from drinking too much?
T: What's the most inappropriate place you have fallen asleep?
T: What is the most embarrassing thing in your browser history?
T: Ask the person who has known you the longest to share their first impression of you.
T: Have you ever accidentally sent a lewd message to the wrong person?
T: Have you ever accidentally called someone by the wrong name during sex?
T: What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
T: Who in this room would you want to ERP with?
T: Who in this room would you like to see naked?
T: How often do you masturbate?
T: Do you ever watch porn?
T: What kind of porn do you gravitate to?
T: Do you have any sex toys? If yes, what are they?
T: Have you ever had a threesome?
T: Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
T: Have you ever streaked?
T: What is the weirdest thing that turns you on?
T: Describe the underwear you're wearing right now
T: Have you ever fantasized about a coworker?
T: Have you ever had sex in public?
T: Have you ever recorded yourself having sex?
T: Have you ever been tied up/tied someone up in bed?
T: Do you like being spanked?
T: Have you ever tried anal?
T: Have you ever tried roleplaying in bed? If so what were the roles?
T: Which would you rather give up for a year: sex or alcohol?
T: Have you ever had sex in a car?
T: What is the highest number of orgasms you've had in a day?
T: Have you ever had sex in the shower?
T: Have you ever had sex in a pool or hot tub?
T: What is the biggest age gap you've had with a partner?
T: Do you prefer giving or receiving oral sex?
T: Have you ever faked an orgasm?
T: Have you ever turned down a sexual opportunity and regretted it?
T: Who would be in your dream orgy?
T: If you could have sex with someone from your past again, who would it be?
T: What is a sex toy that you want to try?
T: Have you ever been turned on at work? What did you do about it?
T: Would you try swinging?
T: What is #1 on your sexual bucket list right now?
T: What is something you pretended to like but couldn't stand
T: Name someone you've pretended to like but couldn't stand
T: Do you prefer loud or silent people in bed?
T: Have you masturbated to a BMare member?
T: Most awkward spot where you gave or got oral.
T: Would you become a sex slave for 24 hours?
T: How many times have you came in one day?
T: Would you fuck a professor to get a better grade?
T: Have you masturbated at work? Did you cum?
T: If it was safe and decently paid, would you work as a prostitute?
T: Would you work as a stripper?
T: Most weird/public/crazy place you have had sex?
T: Given the option, dick or pussy to play with?
T: Would you work in a sex shop?
T: Have you ever drempt about someone here? Share details~
T: If this game turned into an orgy, would you participate?
T: How many sex toys do you own?
T: What are your top 3 kinks and why?
T: Which two people in this room would you have a threesome with?
T: Would you fuck someone in public?
T: Have you had a sexual fantasy about someone you shouldn't?
T: What's a kink that's a hard NO for you?
T: What is your favorite part of your partners body?
T: Have you had sex with someone without knowing their name? Do you know it now?
T: What is something you've always wanted to try sexually, but are too embarrassed to ask someone?
T: How many times have you gotten turned on while playing today?
T: Who in this room would you most like to go to the private rooms with after this?
T: Is there someone in their room you would fuck in front of everyone here?
T: What's the weirdest thing you have used as a toy to masturbate?
T: Name 3 people in this room you would gladly have an orgy with
T: How many of the people in this room would you fuck?
T: Would you walk around in public with cum dripping out of you?
T: What's the largest orgy you would participate in with the people here?
T: Of the people in the room, how many have you already fucked?
T: Would you accept payment to be a sexual partner for someone?
T: When was the last time you were blue-balled and how did it go?
T: Would you become a pornstar?
T: Would you do something irreversible for the sake of sexual pleasure?
T: What is the fastest someone has made you cum?
T: Would you be a hentai voice actor?
T: Have you ever been asked to join a threesome out of the blue?
T: What if your favorite part of your body?
T: Would you rather beg~ or listen to someone begging to do something sexual?
T: Would you fuck a creator to get a world/avi made
T: What's the largest amount of sexual acts you've done in a single day?
T: Have you faked an orgasm during ERP? If so, why?
T: Tell everyone your favorite way to be teased~
T: What's the longest time you've masturbated for?
T: One kink you would like to try, but haven't?
T: What's your weirdest kink/turn-on?
T: Would you fuck an officer to get out of a ticket?
T: What is the most down bad thing you've done because you were horny?
T: Would you fuck your boss for a raise?
T: What is something lewd you want to do in public?
T: Who in the whole group, have you fantasized of the most?
T: What is the worst kink you can think of?
T: What is the lewdest thing you've done in public?
T: What's your favorite porn category?
T: How did you find out about your first kink?
T: Who is your favorite NSFW artist?
T: Why do you think your favorite kink is your favorite? (other then the fact it's pleasurable)
T: What is your ERP body count?
T: Have you ever eaten some out out? Has anyone eaten you out?
T: Would you rather be able to change your genitalia on command, or change anyone else's on command?
T: Describe the worst ERP experience you've had
T: Have you ever been caught ERPing by people in VR/IRL?
T: How did you develop Phantom sense? If you don't have it, where do you want it the most?
T: Has anyone made you swap from Dom to Sub or vice verse during ERP/sex?
T: Describe a time you went overboard during ERP
T: Favourite bit of aftercare you've ever got/given?
T: What is a kink you love to talk to people about?
T: What's a kink you never get to indulge in?
T: Is there a kink you don't want to try again?
T: Tell us the last porno/hentai you read
T: When did you last Masturbate? What was it to?
T: Do you consider yourself a Sadist? What's your opinion on it?
T: What was your last wet dream about?
T: What kind of characters do you identify with in porn?
T: What does sex mean to you?
T: What do you look for in porn?
T: Describe your ideal sex partner
T: Have you has sex in a public place? Would you?
T: What fetish would you most like to indulge in with the players next to you?
T: How did you start ERPing?
T: Do you consider yourself a masochist? What's your opinion about it?
T: Would you like being at the mercy of other players here? Why or why not?
T: If you could have just one sex toy, what would it be?
T: Who do you think is the most dominant player in the room? What would you like to do with them?
T: Do you think [PLAYER] is a virgin, and if so why?
T: How often do you think [PLAYER] ERP's?
T: Name one thing you would want to do with [PLAYER]
T: Would you ERP with [PLAYER]? Did you already?
T: What is a kink you and [PLAYER] share?
T: What seems fun to do with [PLAYER]?
T: What is sexy about [PLAYER]'s avatar?
T: [PLAYER], first fantasy about them that comes to mind?
T: Which form of bondage excites you the most?
T: If you could give one piece of advice based on your lewd experience, what would it be?
T: How often would you like to have sex in a relationship?
T: Name three kinks you are ashamed of having (or feel like you should be~)
T: How many times per week do you erp?
T: Who is the most submissive player in the room? What would you like to do with them?
T: What was your most awkward sexual experience?
T: Who has the sexiest voice in the room?
T: Describe to the stubbiest person how you would take them
T: Which other players would you like to ERP with ~right now~?
T: Describe your most erotic encounter to the group
T: What character would you smash, that you would have to describe the appeal to people
T: Smash or Pass on [PLAYER]
T: If someone had total control over your orgasms for a week, what rules would they follow?
T: What's your favorite punishment to give or receive?
T: What's something you've never said during sex that you secretly wish someone would make you say?
T: Do you prefer tongue or fingers?
T: What's your favorite sex toy?
T: What's a sex toy you would like to own?
T: What's your favorite way to make someone beg for your attention or touch?
T: What's a hard limit you've thought about pushing?
T: When you give someone an order, how much do you enjoy their hesitation before they obey?
T: Have you ever masturbated thinking about a group sex scene? Describe it
T: What's the most difficult part about maintaining dominance when the sub challenges you 
T: Do you enjoy being a brat/being with a brat?
T: What's the one compliment during sex that made your brain melt?
T: What's one thing that's been said to you during sex that made you outrageously horny?
T: Have you ever been to a sex club?
T: Have you met someone sexy, but changed your mind quickly?
T: Have you ever gotten paid to strip?
T: What is sexy about [PLAYER]
T: Would you let someone edge you in front of others? For how long?
T: Have you ever had a safe word and not used it when you should have?
T: Whisper the nastiest, most taboo fantasy you've acted out
T: Tell the group the last time you came and exactly how you did it
T: What’s your wildest sexual fantasy?
T: What’s your favorite position?
T: Do you enjoy dirty talk?
T: What’s your favorite type of porn?
T: What is your opinion on role-playing?
T: What’s your opinion on open relationships?
T: Have you ever used food during foreplay?
T: Have you ever had phone sex?
T: Have you ever been to a sex-shop? If so, what did you buy/want to buy there?
T: How many sex toys do you own?
T: What's your biggest roleplay fantasy?
T: What’s your favorite kind of dirty talk?
T: Rate these kinks in order of best to worst. Vore, Inflation, Transformation, Size Difference, BDSM.
T: What is the hottest avatar base?
T: What’s the kinkiest thing someone would find in your web search history?
T: What is your favorite type of sex toy?
T: Do you prefer to be Dominant or Submissive?
T: How often do you Orgasm?
T: Would you rather be handcuffed or tied to the bed?
T: Would you ever participate in an Orgy?
T: Have you ever masturbated in public?
T: Have you ever subscribed to a NSFW account? (Patreon, Onlyfans, Fansly, etc)
T: What’s the most depraved kink you have?
T: Who is your favorite NSFW artist?
T: Have you ever fantasized about anyone here? Reveal or Drink
T: What's the average amount of time it takes you to orgasm?
T: Have you ever had a wet dream? If so describe it.
T: Have you ever written Erotic fan fiction?
T: Rate these kinks in order of best to worst. Ropes, Smothering, Latex, Beans, Pain Play.
T: How much money do you think you've spent on toys? 
T: What's something sexual you want to try but haven't tried yet?
T: What would you do if you were the opposite gender for a week? 
T: Do you like giving or receiving hickeys?
T: Have you or would you shower with a partner?
T: Paws or Maws?
T: Tell the story of the horniest you’ve ever been.
T: Have you ever been caught watching porn?
T: Do you like to receive sexual compliments?
T: Do you like being whispered to during sex?
T: Have you ever masturbated at work?
T: Have you ever had a friend with benefits?
T: Have you ever worn a toy in public?
T: What's the longest Sex/ERP session you've ever had?
T: Would you rather your partner undress you or undress your partner?
T: Do you enjoy spontaneous sex?
T: Have you ever initiated a spontaneous kiss?
T: Do you enjoy setting the mood with music or candles?
T: If you starred in a porno, what would it be about?
T: What’s the most provocative piece of clothing you own?
T: What is/would be your safe word?
T: Rate these kinks in order of best to worst. Spanking, Choking, Praise, Degradation, Pet Play.
T: Have you ever ERP'd?
T: Do you enjoy quickies or extended sexual sessions?
T: Have you ever ignored a call to continue something sexual?
T: Do you enjoy slow, passionate sex or fast-paced, rough sex?
T: Do you enjoy being watched or watching others?
T: Do you enjoy being teased or teasing your partner?
T: Do you prefer blindfolds or a hood during sex?
T: Do you enjoy biting or being bitten?
T: What smell turns you on the most?
T: Do you enjoy trying new ways to pleasure yourself?
T: Do you enjoy exploring your partner’s fantasies during sex?
T: Phone sex or Sexting?
T: Do you use toys in bed?
T: What's your worst sex/ERP story?
T: What's your favorite kink?
T: When's the last time you ERPed?
T: Who is the most horny here?
T: Who is someone in this room you would ERP with?
T: What's a kink you enjoy in VR that you don't IRL?
T: What's a kink you wish was more popular?
T: In your opinion who here is the kinkiest?
T: Would you try out a kink you've never heard of?
T: Would you let someone here collar you?
T: Have you ever tasted your own cum?
T: Would you ever wear a collar/leash in public?
T: Have you ever been in bondage?
T: Have you ever been caught in the act?
T: Would you rather be a Rope Bunny or Rigger
T: Would you rather be smothered or do the smothering?
T: Have you ever taken nudes of yourself?
T: What's your opinion on breath play?
T: Do you have a NSFW avatar? Change into it
T: What's your opinion on weapons during sex?
T: When did you lose your virginity?
T: Who here would you like to have whispering in your ear?
T: What's a line you won't cross during sex?
T: What's your thoughts on pegging or being pegged?
T: What's the dirtiest DM you've sent someone?
T: What's your favorite part of your body?
T: What's the weirdest place you have had sex?
T: What gross smell do you actually enjoy?
T: Who would you choose for a threesome in this room? 
T: Who has the hottest voice here?
T: Does size really matter?
T: What's your biggest turn on?
T: What's your biggest turn off?
D: Do a Pole Dance for the room
D: Pick someone to praise for a round.
D: Take of an IRL clothing toggle
D: DM a NSFW photo to someone on the wheel of dms
D: Show the group your internet search history.
D: Find someone to help demonstrate one of your kinks. 
D: Read out your last dirty dm you sent or were sent.
D: No more clothes for you ;)
D: Hands and Knees for the next 5 people's turns
D: Have the group decide on a dare for you to complete.
D: Sext someone from the Wheel of DM's
D: Go on red and change your status to "DM me if you wanna join in ;)" Then read out any DM's you get
D: Be a good dog and bark when someone speaks to you for a round.
D: DM someone from the wheel of dms a kink
D: Go to the second NSFW-friendly server in your server list, and post "Who's dick do I have to suck to suck a dick around here?" 
D: Toggle a NSFW Toggle on your avatar
D: Call someone daddy/mommmy when you talk to them for a round
D: Ride someones lap for 1 minute.
D: Take a selfie with someone in this room and DM someone from the wheel and say "We just ERP'd!"
D: PiShocks get Shocked
D: Send a photo of one of your toys in #nsfw-irl
D: Pick a partner. From now on both of you have to do all the dares together.
D: Send a pic in #nsfw-art
D: Put your face in someones crotch till your next turn
D: Join a NSFW group of the groups choosing
D: Change into an avatar you used in the past and do a lap dance
D: Change your status to "DM me for ERP"
D: Take a sexy photo in this world and send it in the chat/server (can be clothed or naked or whatever)
D: Find a partner to get worked up
D: Be a foot rest for a round
D: Fuck, Marry, Breed
D: Kiss someones Neck
D: Give toy (lovense/Pishock) controls to the person to your left (laps don't count) 
D: Lay on your back like a dog for a round and let everyone that wants to pet your belly
D: Go to private room with someone from the wheel
D: Send someone on the wheel the last NSFW art piece you enjoyed
D: Add someone from the wheel to your bio like you're dating "example: <3 Lyric 8/2/25" 
D: Buddy shot! With someone you would take to a private instance >:3
D: Drink if you own less than 5 toys give a drink if you own 5 or more
D: Kiss someone in the group.
D: You have to call the host Mommy/Daddy for the rest of the game
D: Step on a player of your choice.
D: Put on a NSFW video in the background
D: Change your name to (Someone from the wheel)'s pet in MacSalad
D: Let the group decide what to dm a person from the wheel of dms
D: Reveal the last person you ERP'd with
D: Be a players pet until your next turn. Group decides.
D: Give a horny compliment to everyone in the room
D: Give us a good bark puppy
D: Give the group your horniest pick up line
D: Get rid of a piece of clothing
D: Kiss someone from the wheel
D: Lick across a players face. Group Decides.
D: Sniff someone in this room and say "mmm yes mommy/daddy"
D: Get rid of a clothing toggle
D: Show off any jiggle physics on your avatar
D: Give toy (lovense/Pishock) controls to the person to your right (laps don't count)
D: Give a drink to the person who has the best ass
D: Give a drink to the person who has the best tits
D. Say something dirty to the person on your right.
D: Say something dirty to the person on your left.
D: Get shocked by the person of your choosing.
D: Give a drink to the person who has the best dick
D: Say something horny in #nsfw-general
D: Touch yourself for 1 round
D: Touch someone else for 1 round
D: Set your status to "Horny AF"
D: Let someone pick your discord PFP in MacSalad for a week.
D: DM someone on the wheel "We should ERP"
D: Do your best moan
D: Set your discord status to "Call me for a good time"
D: Group picks a pet name to call you for a round.
D: DM someone on the wheel a NSFW photo
D: DM someone not currently here "I'm phantom pregnant and its yours"
D: Remove a piece of IRL Clothing
D: DM a kink of yours to someone from the wheel
D: Dm someone a pic of your avatar nude
D: Give a one-word “roast” to each other player.
D: Narrate the game in a newscaster voice for three turns.
D: Try to drink a glass of water without using your hands.
D: Sing instead of speaking any time you talk for three turns.
D: Show the group your internet search history.
D: How old are you? Whatever your age is, take that many sips.
D: Read out your last dirty text you sent. (No names!)
D: Do your best sexy crawl.
D: FBT user, twerk for a minute. Halfbody, take a drink and then twerk. Desktop, two drinks, and twerk anyway.
D: Have the group decide on a dare for you to complete.
D: Give a personalised insult to everyone in the room.
D: For the next 10 minutes, every time someone asks you something, respond with a bark.
D: Update your VRC Status to "I'm just here to ERP!".
D: Show the group your best dance moves.
D: Choose a drinking buddy. Everytime either of you has to drink, both of you drink.
D: Only whisper when you talk until your next turn.
D: Call someone daddy/mommy when you talk to them for 5 rounds
D: Give someone in this room a lapdance.
D: Take a selfie with someone here and send it to someone who'd appreciate it and say "We just ERP'd!"
D: Hug someone in this room.
D: Pick a partner. From now on both of you have to do all the dares together.
D: Yell out the first word that comes to your mind. 
D: Argue with a wall and pretend like it talks back for one minute.
D: Quack like a duck until your next turn.
D: Perform a seductive dance in front of the group.
D: Tell us the one bedtime secret no one knows about you.
D: Sit on a persons lap. Group decides.
D: Give a foot massage to the person on your right.
D: Fuck,Marry,Kill
D: Read the last message in your dm. (No names!)
D: Pretend to be the person to your left until your next turn.
D: Do your best impersonation of the person to your right.
D: Crawl around the room. 
D: Howl like a wolf at the moon.
D: Howl like a wolf at the moon. Player to the left provides the 'moon'.
D: Pick someone to plan a VRC Date with.
D: Group decides your new VRC Status.
D: Kiss someone in the group.
D: Step on a player of your choice.
D: Finish your drink.
D: Change into a meme avatar.
D: Be a players pet until your next turn. Group decides.
D: Have one player give another player a lap dance.
D: Have one player sit on another player's lap for the rest of the game.
D: Naked for 2 rounds.
D: Kiss a person. Long and gentle.
D: Lick across a players face. Group Decides.
D: Roast someone in this room.
D: Sniff someone in this room and say "mmm yes mommy/daddy"
D: In the next 10 minutes, find a way to scare another player and make it a surprise.
D: Do karaoke to a song of the group’s choosing.
D: Describe the most attractive quality of every person in the room.
D: Find a willing player to spend a few minutes alone with.
D: Serenade the person left of you.
D: Read aloud the most personal text you've sent in recent days. (No names!)
D: Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
D: Put an ice cube down your shirt and keep it there for 1 minute.
D: Do an impression of someone in the room.
D: Pick 2 people to become Dare buddies with each other.
D: Pick 2 people to become Drinking Buddies.
D: Write a poem about a toilet
D: Tell an adult story using only three words at a time. 
D: Say something dirty to the person on your right.
D: Say something dirty to the person on your left.
D: Get slapped by the person of your choosing.
D: Switch avatars with someone in this room.
D: Whisper a secret to a person of your choice.
D: Say one thing you like about each player this room.
D: Take a shot without using your hands.
D: Kiss someone in the group.
D: Imitate how you sound when you cum
D: Do a pole dance
D: No clothes for one round
D: Streak around the VIP area
D: Share something in the actually horny channel in Discord
D: Kiss someone in the room
D: Do your best impression of a porno that involves a pizza delivery guy
D: Do a dramatic reading of the most recent sext you sent
D: Pull up the most recent email you sent, and read it as though it were the sexist sext of all time
D: Demonstrate your hand job technique on a willing participant
D: Close your eyes and spin around the center of the room while pointing. Kiss the person you're pointing at when you stop
D: No shirt for the rest of the night
D: No pants for the rest of the night
D: Try to turn someone on with just your voice
D: Do a strip tease for the group
D: Put an ice cube in your pants. Keep it there til your next turn
D: Put an ice cube in your pants. Keep it there til it melts
D: Send one of your nudes to a consenting member of BMare
D: Choose a consenting partner and try to get into your favorite sex position (clothes on)
D: Try to use your best pick up lines on someone in this room
D: Pick a consenting partner. Roleplay that you are a professor and partner is your student
D: Show your avatar that has the biggest dick
D: Put your phone in your pants on vibrate and have someone call you
D: Put on a lovense toy and share your username 
D: Share your lovense username
D: Put on a Pi-Shock, give someone here a link
D: Message your last ERP hookup, tell them 'When is round two, I'm ready~'
D: Suck on a toy, or gag yourself for a round
D: Change your status to "horny hours, free use!"
D: Act out one of your kinks
D: Give the room a show - do your best striptease
D: Spend the round legs open, exposing your avatars bits
D: Ask your crush on a date
D: Show the room your best cowgirl riding skills
D: Tell each player what you find sexiest about them/their avatar
D: If your not already, offer yourself up as a Pet/Master for someone for the night
D: Share a nude/spicy pic with the person to your right
D: Kiss a player
D: Remove a piece of clothing (IRL and in game)
D: Lewd a deskie
D: Flirt with the first person to raise their hand
D: If you have something that vibrates, let the group decide which hole it goes in for the next 3 rounds
D: Speak in your best subductive voice for a round
D: If you have a Lovense/PiShock in/on, choose someone to control it for a round
D: PiShock on, give a link to someone here for the night
D: Lovense in, give someone a link for the night
D: Sit on someone's lap, dick in you, till one of you has to move
D: Call everyone Master/Mistress for one round. Forget? They get to give a punishment~
D: Hit on someone with your best perverted pickup line
D: Add "Needy pet" to the start of your BMare discord username   
D: Recreate an ERP encounter you've had with someone here
D: Put an ice cube under your balls/pussy and sit until it melts
D: Do your best vibrator impression
D: Try to fluster someone, if you succeed, they must do a dare~
D: Spank yourself loud enough for the mic to pick up
D: Lick someone's nipples
D: Ride a toy IRL for a round. If you can't, ride a volunteer~
D: Bits out for the rest of the night~
D: Offer yourself as a reviver of free-use headpats for a round
D: Update your status to 'Laid at The Garden' for 3 rounds
D: Show your favorite GoGo or FBT position
D: Lose those socks and shoes
D: Clothes off and take another dare~
D: Grope a player for a round
D: Change into your lewdest avi.
D: Grind on a player for a round, moaning their name~
D: Act as a players pet for a round
D: Touch yourself everywhere that has phantom sense
D: Spank yourself 3 times~ It must be loud enough to hear~
D: Deepthroat something, others must be able to hear
D: Give a player a lapdance
D: Re-enact with a player the last porn you fapped to
D: Describe to player how aroused you are
D: One round, try and make a player horny
D: For three rounds, if you are talking, you must be touching yourself
D: Post a seductive selfie with a suggestive caption in #actually-horny
D: Whisper a naughty secret to a player
D: Send a teasing DM to a player describing a wild fantasy
D: Send your best hentai GIF in #actually-horny
D: Mimic sending a sexy text message to a player aloud as if you were texting.
D: Kiss a player seductively and whisper something naughty in their ear
D: Tie yourself up
D: Bark like a needy puppy till your next turn
D: Oopsie, we are a drinking group, waterfall with you as the leader
D: Send a message in actually-horny expressing a naughty desire
D: Ask someone to spank you, thank them for each one
D: Get on your knees in front of someone and ask them to 'use' you
D: tell a player how they should pleasure you... verbally, physically or with toys
D: Kiss everyone in the room
D: Ask a dom in the room how to please them
D: Whimper like a needy little pet for a round
D: pick your favorite toy in the room. Tell them how you'll break them
D: Beg a player to make you cum, convince them you deserve it
D: Sit in the lap of your crush.
D: Give a short ted talk on your favorite sex position
D: Give a short ted talk on your favorite sex toy
D: Change your status to "Lost my virginity"
