Drink for every Lovense toy you own
Group Shot
Tell a Truth
No clothes for one round
Kiss the person to your left
Kiss the person to your right
Sit on someones lap for 2 rounds (group picks)
Pick someone to sit on your lap for 2 rounds
Are you interested in someone here? Answer or drink
Remove a piece of clothing
Choose someone to remove one piece of clothing
Share an experience + group shot
Tell a secret or little known fact about yourself
Share a nonsexual thing that turns you on. Everyone who agrees, drink
Drink if you have had sex with more than one person in a day
Drink if you have ever cheated
Drink if you have faked an orgasm
Drink if you have accidentally sent a sext to the wrong person
Give a drink to up to 3 people you find attractive
Take 1, Give 1
NSFW avis drink
Drink if youve done BDSM
Femboys drink
Trusted users drink
Known users drink
Drink if youre crossed
Switches drink
Doms drink
Subs drink
Drink 1 per vowel in your name
Drink if you've been pegged
Drink if you've been arrested
Drink for every ERP avatar you own
Drink if you've ERPd in the last 3 days
Everyone picks your VRChat Status
Change your status to "power bottom"
Drink if you've ERPd with someone in this room
Give a drink if you've ERPd in this world
Drink the number of your irl body count
Drink the amount of the most times you've climaxed in one session
World owner drinks
If you are in a relationship drink 2
Drink if you've had a relationship that lasted more than a year
Drink if you have phantom sense
Drink if you have had trouble walking the next day
Drink if you're horny
Drink if you've played VR naked
Drink 2 if you are currently naked irl
Drink if you've had an irl threesome
Drink if you've tried psychedelics
Give 2 drinks if you've been stood up on a date
Spinner drinks 1
Spinner drinks 2
Spinner drinks 3
Spinner gives out 4 drinks
Spinner gives out 5 drinks
Drink if you've ever skinny dipped
Give 3 drinks if you've talked your way out of a ticket
Give 2 drinks if you have had sex in public
Drink if you have been caught in the act
Drink if you have gone streaking
Drink if you have committed an act of vandalism
Give 5 drinks if you've had sex with a virgin
If you have attended an orgy, give out drinks of the number of people present
Who would be in your dream orgy? Answer or drink
Name something on your sexual bucket list
Have you ever accidentally walked in on anyone getting it on?
What type of porn do you gravitate to? Answer or drink
What is a sexual act you think is overrated
Everyone remove one piece of clothing
What is your favorite position
Do a seductive dance on the wheel
Drink if you have animal ears
Drink if your dick is out
Drink if your tits are out
Drink if you are single
Drink for every hookup you've had in the past 6 months
Drink if you've fallen asleep during sex
Take a drink for each person in this room who’s seen your nudes
Drink if you have no gag reflex
Swallow one if you swallow, Give one if you spit
Give drinks equal to the number of “Friends” you have on the Lovense app
Take a drink if you've 'finished' in the last 24 hours
Give a drink if you've ERPd in this world, you devious dog
No clothes for one round
Remove a piece of clothing
Choose someone to remove one piece of clothing
No clothes for two rounds
Everyone remove one piece of clothing
Pick a stripping buddy.  For 5 rounds, both must match nudity levels.
Sit on someones lap (group picks)
Spend the next round petting somebody
Drink if you're wearing a toy right now
Find someone who wants you to play with their titties for the next round
Find someone who wants you to play with their dick for the next round
Post something spicy in the BM Discord's #actually-horny channel, or drink 3
Remove a piece of clothing
No clothes for one round
Everyone with titties out drink
Everyone with dicks out drink
Everyone topless for one round and group shot
Choose someone to remove one piece of clothing 
Show off your favorite ERP avatar
Drink for every ERP avatar you have
What's a non sexual thing that turns you on? Everyone that agrees drink.
Have you ever had sex with more than one person in a day? Drink for that number
Drink the number of the biggest age difference you've had with a partner
Everyone in turn share a kink. Drink for everyone that agrees. First to not answer finishes their drink
Would you ERP with someone in this room?
What is #1 on your sexual bucket list
Drink if you've masturbated while driving
Fuck / Marry / Kill: group chooses
Do a seductive dance on the table
Kiss the person to your left
Kiss the person to your right
Three-way kiss.  No further direction.  You figure it out.
Kiss the person across from you
Sit on someone's lap for one round. Group picks. 
Choose someone to sit on your lap
Talk in a dom voice for one round. Drink every time you forget
Tops drink
Bottoms drink
Switches drink
Drink if you have a collar 
2 truths, 1 lie. If group sees the lie, drink 3
Pick a stripping buddy.  For 3 rounds, both must match nudity levels
No clothes for one round
Remove a piece of clothing
Choose someone to remove one piece of clothing
No clothes for 3 rounds
Everyone remove one piece of clothing
Remove a piece of clothing. Then pick someone else to remove a piece of clothing
Pick two people to remove a piece of clothing
Spend the next round petting someone
Put on/in a toy or drink 4
Drink 2 for every furry with their dick out. Drink one more if it has a knot
Who or what is your weirdest "Would"?
TIME TO HYDRATE MOTHERFUCKERS, GROUP WATER SHOT X3
Talk in Gen Alpha Slang for one round
Naked furries drink
Scoff, you degenerates.. Everyone put on 1 piece of clothing
Put on 1 piece of clothing
Pick a side of the room! Everyone on that side of the room removes 1 piece of clothing
DM something horny af to someone at the table. Do not say who
Everyone wearing an avatar that cannot get naked drink 2
Give a drink to whoever you think has the most rizz
Drink 1 for every avatar you wouldn't smash in the room
Naked furries drink
With consent: Kiss whoever you think is wearing the hottest avatar. Give them a drink
Completely nude? Turn on a "toggle" for 1 round. Otherwise, drink 2
Give 3 drinks if you're naked. Otherwise, take off 1 piece of clothing
Give a drink to 2 people who you think have the most attractive voices
Give a drink to the 2 people you think are the most down bad here
Post a picture of a toy you own in MacSalad's #nsfw-irl channel, or drink 3
Anyone play a musical instrument? Thats hot. They drink 2
Pick a side of the room! Everyone on that side of the room removes 1 piece of clothing
Choose someone to remove one piece of clothing
Choose someone to remove one piece of clothing
remove 1 piece of clothing
remove 1 piece of clothing
Remove a piece of clothing. Then pick someone else to remove a piece of clothing
Remove a piece of clothing. Then pick someone else to remove a piece of clothing
Do a dare (Groups picks)
Do a dare (Groups picks)
Talk like a pirate until your next turn
Drink 2 if you've ever spent some time in TheGarden private rooms
Give a lap dance. Group picks who you give it to
Give 3 drinks if you've ever given a lap dance
Follow the commands of the person the bottle is pointing at for 1 round. Drink if you disobey
Drink 2 if you have fallen in vr
Drink if you've ever commissioned NSFW art. Give 3 if you post it in MacSalad's #nsfw-art
Drink 2 if you've ever sent porn to the wrong person
Give 2 drinks if your avatar has nipples. Drink 2 if it doesn't
Let's hear your best moan. Give 3 drinks if it's good. Group decides
Give a drink to whoever you suspect shares a kink with you
Never have I ever! Reveal something you've never done. Everyone who's done it drinks
Brats drink
Set your VRC status to "Submissive and breedable"
Drink if you own a pair of thigh highs. give 4 if you're wearing them right now
Cave man mode. 3 word sentences. 2 whole rounds. You no follow? You must drink
Give 1 drink per piercing you have. Don't have any? Drink 2
Give 1 drink per tattoo you have. Don't have any? Drink 2
Drink 2 if you've ever worn a chastity cage
Give 2 drinks if you've bought a sex toy from a sex shop in person
Drink 2 if you've ever worn lingerie
Give 3 drinks if you've ever been asked for nudes
Drink 2 if you've ever made a porno. And yes, if it was in VRC it counts
Describe one of your favorite NSFW pictures/videos
How long was your longest edge sesh? Never done it? Shame, drink 3
Insult someone. They drink 1
You get one wish. What do you wish for?
Give a drink for every sex toy you own
Wear the first avatar you ever mained for 1 round
What's a sexual act that you've never tried, but you're curious about?
Reveal one of your most embarrassing kinks/fetishes
Strike a seductive pose
What do you like most about the avatar you are using?
drink 2 if you've ever bottomed for someone in the instance
Say something really nice about someone in the room, but don't reveal who it's directed at
Make a rule! That rule is in effect until another rule is made
Make a rule! That rule is in effect until another rule is made
Remove a piece of clothing. Then pick someone else to remove a piece of clothing
Remove a piece of clothing. Then pick someone else to remove a piece of clothing
Spinner picks category. Take turns naming things in category. Repeat or hesitate 5 seconds? Drink 2!
Drink 2 if you've slept in VR this week
Drink for how ever many days its been since you last finished
Drink 2 if you think you're gunna get some tonight
What pokemon would you fuck
Print one of your prints! If you can't, spin again
Guess the body count of who ever the bottle is pointing at. If you're off by over 3, drink 3.
Reveal the last thing you searched on a porn site
Pick someone to reveal a kink
Complement someone's avatar and give them a drink!
Choose someone to sit in another persons lap for 1 round
You are the captain now. For 1 round, the room must follow all of your directions
Drink 3 if you're a size queen
Fuck Marry Kill: the 3 people to your right
Ask anyone at the table a truth
Share an embarrassing sex story
Where do you love to be touched?
Put on a cursed/meme avatar for 1 round
You must end your sentences with "woof" until your next turn. If you forget, drink.
What is one of your weirdest kinks? Give 4 drinks if you answer, take 4 if you don't 
What's one of the most degenerate things you've ever done
What's one of the weirdest things you've used as a sex toy
Give 5 drinks if your crush is in this world
Very poor avatars drink 3
Give the least drunk person here 3 drinks
Drink 2 if you spent money on VRChat in the past 2 weeks
Pick 2 people to remove a piece of clothing
You must end your sentences with "sir" until your next turn. If you forget, drink.
What's your favorite position?
You and the host give your best moan. Group decides winner. Winner gives 3 drinks.
Pick 3 players to have a moan-off. Choose the best moan. Winner gives 3 drinks.
End your sentences with "if you know what I mean" until your next turn. If you forget, drink.
Who the simp? Give 'em a drink.
Who the freak? Give 'em a drink.
On a scale of 1 to 10, how fuckable is the person the bottle is pointing at?
Describe one of your crushes
Would you smash the last character you played as in a video game?
What something someone does that gives you the ick?
Change your VRChat status to "Discord kitten"
What's your go to fantasy when you're alone
Let someone choose a spot on your body to kiss
Drink 2 if you think strap-ons are hot
Who would be in your dream menage a trois?
1 truth, 1 lie. If group sees through it, drink 3.
Drink 2 if you've said good boy or girl today
Give 2 if someone has called you a good boy or girl today
Drink 2 if you've dom'd someone in this room
Who do you think has put in a toy this week?
Time to hydrate yah nasties. Group water shot x2, then spin again!
Read us a spicy dm~
Demonstrate your favorite position.
Come on, really though, would you fuck a clanker?
Drink 2 if you've ever had control of someone's PiShock
Kiss someone anywhere but their face.
What is one of the nastiest thing you've ever put in your mouth?
What's is one of your favorite animes and why?
Everyone drink 3 and remove a piece of clothing
Find and roll the dice. Give out that many drinks.
Find and roll the dice. Pick that many people to remove clothing.
Guess someone's kink. If you nail it, they drink 2.
Where's the weirdest place you beat it
PiShocks get shocked
PiShocks get shocked
PiShocks get shocked
